to whom
continues
doctors of the year
s.v
I think it's possible here
at school
of course the area
all drill
then I will have to demolish
in Voronezh st
need more
in particular with
because by the way testifying about
tom what will happen
the country will get all that failed and
of life
as expected this ex-wife was
and my case
good day
from the morning will take place
because I have
we know what will happen if I say that he
stressed that someone knew what
look
it makes no sense
of tourists
everywhere business can
hello in spain
it's all about the court
this happened
Victor Yanukovich
the president
found us
Foreigners
in the course of his wife
lyudmila directly
the only reason
under article 206 cm
those
1 5 times
you can't be cute
almost everything calmly take place
quite difficult
for girl